[Music]
today, occasion like in michu how it
goes, neither good nor bad, the truth is
that I haven't spoken to him for a while, well
more good than bad, I mean by
good and bad I mean that
nothing
relevant has
happened, it's been a while since I spoke to him, I suppose he's doing well, as far as I know, no, the last time we played something I think it was among us, this was maybe a year ago and I see that it's there in tweets that he's
also decided to leave YouTube aside a little bit, I
mean, I'm watching from the outside
but also this Jordi Gual, I have
n't opened it for a year and a half or two and my
relationship with him has always been very
good and I could tell you a lot of
like from people, especially around that
time, as if it were like
that,
but people took it the wrong way but the
fact is that before wish michu had already
said this in a video, in a video I
had told him that my friend was Joaquín, not me,
but there's nothing wrong with this and it's
true, I wish michu
one word, they
confirmed it, correct, but I understand
that from outside they saw us put on a show, they
saw us  do a lot of promos I understand that
people got the idea that we
were like let's go and there's meat but no no no
with mich one we've never been about it
saying hey mate for a beer let's go
like I do with any friend
like the one who collaborates with this spark
well the first collaboration I think it
was because he was coming to Barcelona on a trip
because he lived in Galicia
and I don't know how we talked about doing something like that and he
told me I want to record some
phone jokes would they help me out
I said come on okay come to my house and that's where we
recorded the
video he'll order jokes from prostitutes
or something like that I don't remember something like that and that's
where I met him and from then on my
relationship with will michu has always been
very professional mind you I get along with him
and we've laughed
but for example with whom I made a thousand
times more friends than with very nice
guys that that guy would deserve more
repercussion than you have I like them
a lot and it's
incredible content when the ions is magic but
yes it's true that it's for a
slightly more
exclusive audience let's say no but  but come on
but I understand people don't think
[ __ ] these two and that they were together and
now they are not because people
thought we were colleagues early
death but no way we were we
were colleagues especially at work
the truth is there he could agree
on this perfectly
if
a
friend is
yes or yes but if he is he is a guy with
whom if not daily practically
daily I talk now I talk less because
I also get into tortilla a lot and
I am a little more isolated before
I spoke more shared because I
was also into GTA and there yes I had to
talk every day death to plan
a thousand things but if you could say that
friend is Percy for example yes yes
without a doubt
[Music]